Add translation guide + update repo structure (#1602)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/TRANSLATING.md

### Translating the `huggingface_hub` documentation into your language

As part of our mission to democratize machine learning, we'd love to make the `huggingface_hub` library available in many more languages! Follow the steps below if you want to help translate the documentation into your language 🙏.

**🗞️ Open an issue**

To get started, navigate to the [Issues](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/issues) page of this repo and check if anyone else has opened an issue for your language. If not, open a new issue by selecting the "Translation template" from the "New issue" button.

Once an issue exists, post a comment to indicate which chapters you'd like to work on, and we'll add your name to the list.

**🍴 Fork the repository**

> First, you'll need to [fork the Transformers repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo). You can do this by clicking on the **Fork** button on the top-right corner of this repo's page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you'll need to [fork the `huggingface_hub` repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo). You can do this by clicking on the **Fork** button on the top-right corner of this repo's page.
```
